This Python script performs optimization using a Quadratic Program (from Qiskit Optimization) to represent portfolio selection
 based on stock returns, ESG (Environmental, Social, Governance) scores, and risk (using covariance). 
 The objective function is encoded as an Ising Hamiltonian, which is used in quantum optimization algorithms.

terms used:
SparsePauliOp: 
Covariance Matrix (Sigma): 
In portfolio optimization, this matrix represents the risk (variance and covariances) of the assets in the portfolio.
Return Vector (r): This vector represents the expected returns for each asset in the portfolio

This is a sparse representation of Pauli operators (e.g., ZI, ZZ). It's used to encode the Hamiltonian in quantum optimization.
 A test function that returns a simple Ising Hamiltonian for testing purposes.
    
    The Hamiltonian is represented as a sum of Pauli operators:
    
    H = ZZ + 0.5 * ZI + 0.25 * IZ
    
    :return: SparsePauliOp
        A sparse Pauli operator that encodes the Hamiltonian.
    :rtype: SparsePauliOp

    def sample_objective_to_hamiltonian():
    Converts a simplified objective function into an Ising Hamiltonian.
    
    This function defines a simple optimization problem for testing purposes.
    The objective function includes three terms: stock returns (r), ESG scores, 
    and a covariance matrix (Sigma). It minimizes the objective function by converting
    it into an Ising Hamiltonian.
    
    :return: tuple
        A tuple containing the Ising Hamiltonian and a constant.
    """

    def objective_hamiltonian(tickers, ESG, weights):
    """
    Converts a portfolio selection problem into an Ising Hamiltonian.
    
    This function formulates the objective function for portfolio optimization 
    by combining stock returns, ESG scores, and risk (covariance matrix). The
    Ising Hamiltonian can be used in quantum optimization algorithms.

    :param tickers: np.array
        A list of stock ticker symbols representing the assets in the portfolio.
    
    :param ESG: np.array
        A list of ESG scores corresponding to the assets in the portfolio.
    
    :param weights: list
        A list of 3 weights for the objective function components:
        - weights[0]: Stock returns weight (lambda_1)
        - weights[1]: Risk (covariance matrix) weight (lambda_2)
        - weights[2]: ESG score weight (lambda_3)
    
    :return: SparsePauliOp
        The Ising Hamiltonian that encodes the optimization problem.
    :rtype: SparsePauliOp

    def get_r_and_Sigma(tickers):
    """
    Retrieve the stock return vector (r) and covariance matrix (Sigma) for a given set of stock tickers.
    
    This function downloads historical stock data using `fastquant`, calculates the daily returns, and 
    constructs the expected return vector (r) and the covariance matrix (Sigma) for the given assets.

    :param tickers: list
        A list of stock ticker symbols representing the assets in the portfolio.
    
    :return: tuple
        A tuple (r, Sigma) where r is the return vector and Sigma is the covariance matrix.
    :rtype: tuple (np.array, np.array)
    """