Qiskit Runtime Service: This allows the program to connect to IBM’s quantum backends.
EstimatorV2: A Qiskit IBM Runtime tool for estimating expectation values efficiently.
Hamiltonian: The objective function to minimize, represented in a quantum mechanical form using Pauli operators.
Ansatz: A parameterized quantum circuit (in this case, EfficientSU2), 
which is optimized to approximate the ground state of the Hamiltonian.
Classical Optimizer: Uses SciPy's minimize function (with the COBYLA method) 
to adjust the parameters of the ansatz to minimize the Hamiltonian's energy.
Cost Function: Evaluates the energy for a given set of ansatz parameters using the estimator.
Pass Manager: Optimizes the quantum circuit to be more efficient for a specific backend.

QiskitRuntimeService: Connects to IBM Quantum backends.
Session: Manages communication between the program and the IBM Quantum backend.
EstimatorV2: Estimates expectation values of operators on quantum circuits.
EfficientSU2: A built-in parameterized quantum circuit ansatz.
SparsePauliOp: Represents Hamiltonians in terms of Pauli matrices.
generate_preset_pass_manager: Generates a pass manager that optimizes the quantum circuit for the specific backend hardware.
minimize: A classical optimization function from SciPy used to adjust the parameters of the quantum circuit.
objective_hamiltonian: A custom function that generates a Hamiltonian based on input parameters
 (e.g., financial stock data and ESG scores).
 cost_history_dict: Tracks the history of the optimization process, including previous parameter vectors, 
 the number of iterations, and the cost (energy) history.

cost_func: Computes the energy estimate (objective function) for a given set of parameters (params) of the ansatz.
 It uses EstimatorV2 to calculate the expectation value of the Hamiltonian. The energy value is returned to the optimizer.
 """Return estimate of energy from estimator
    
    Parameters:
        params (ndarray): Array of ansatz parameters
        ansatz (QuantumCircuit): Parameterized ansatz circuit
        hamiltonian (SparsePauliOp): Operator representation of Hamiltonian
        estimator (EstimatorV2): Estimator primitive instance

    Returns:
        float: Energy estimate
    """

tickers: An array of stock ticker symbols for companies.
ESG: A corresponding array of Environmental, Social, and Governance (ESG) scores for the companies.
objective_hamiltonian: A function that returns the Hamiltonian based on the stock data and ESG scores. 
The weights [1, 2, 3] define the relative importance of different terms (e.g., returns, risk, ESG scores).

to minimize cost function
Session: Opens a session with the IBM Quantum backend.
Estimator: Creates an instance of EstimatorV2 to estimate the energy of the quantum system.
minimize: Calls SciPy's minimize function using the cobyla method to optimize the parameters of the ansatz.
 The objective function is cost_func, which returns the energy value for the current set of parameters.
res.x: Outputs the optimized parameters that represent the eigenvector corresponding to the minimum eigenvalue.